And the next section is going to be building is going to be a forum section or so you can see or subscribe.
And then we have your email and submit.
So we're going to go back over here and this is the main assess but we're going to start obviously with
HDMI.
So here again we're going to do the same thing we're going to say this is going to be a form section.
Right.
Then select a line and copy and paste the line here we're going to write.
And this is going to be end of form section.
Then after that you'd want a section on it and we're going to say idea or here and then we're going
to say form.
Then once we have this then we're going to have a forum content.
So I'm going to say class and this is going to be a form of content or likeness.
Then within this day of the forum and then we're going to have a heading when we're here with the class
of worm.
We're going to say title or here within this title we're all going to have a subscribe here.
So when you say some scribe I'm going to say here first time over here and I actually realize this.
Now we have a heading one then after that we would actually want to create a forum.
So we're then still the foreign content.
We're going to save one more here.
Now we're not going to have any action here so just delete this right away.
And this is going to be put then over here we're going to press tab and type is going to be e-mail then
ID.
We're also going to say e-mail e-mail.
Then after that we will have placeholder.
This is going to be your e-mail.
So let's say another name on here.
E-mail e-mailed here and the placeholder.
Right so this is what's going to be written inside the box relaying this and I'm going to say your e-mail
you this and then we'll get our input right here.
So next input again time and again this is going to be sub met then or here we're going to have a type
and type is going to be a submit.
So type sub met here and then we're going to have a value and the value is going to be submit sub me
like this.
All right.
So once we have here our inputs in the aged you know I'll go ahead and let's actually move to see assess
and start dialing.
So I'm going to say this and go back to main sources here and you can see already created a comment.
All right.
So this is going to be a forum section over here.
First things first of all going to say like this.
All right.
First all going to say that for the actual form or here like this we would want.
We're going to mean right into this is going to be the height for the whole thing.
This is going to be 60 new heights or here and I can see what happened right.
Right away I have 60 units that are going to have a background here and I'm going to we're going to
use a image so I'm going to say you know we're not phantasm.
And so I'm going to say Menges then within the images we're going to look for filler on it.
So this is going to be our first one.
And like before we're going to add right away linear great.
So I'm going to say lean here gradient here and then we'll have parentheses karma.
And here we're going to have R G B R G B.
And this is going to be again 0 0 0 point let's say 5.
Right.
And then on here we'll do the same thing.
Right so our GPA.
Zero zero zero point five.
Right now we added a dark overlay.
Then after that we want a background attachment.
So I'm going to say background and or here to see attachment and that's going to be fixed right again
and we're going to cradle here this parallax effect right where the text is actually going to be moving
and the image is going to stay fixed.
Then we're going to have a background position center background or her position and say Sandra Oh I
don't like this then we're going to have a background repeat background repeat and want to say no repeat
then we'll have a background color or hair color size.
So size is going to be cover like this.
I'm going to we're going to have a clip.
So again we're going to just make it or we're like this slanted and you see or hear and then how are
you going to do that.
We're going to say we're here.
Clip here.
Path it and I know he'll get it right.
Polygon are they going here hear this and we're going to start here by zero.
Then we'll get our 15 percent then we're going to have 100 percent more here than will have zero.
So 100 percent zero we're this.
Then we're going to have another 100 percent like this.
And this is going to be 85 percent.
All right now we're just starting.
All right.
So we have 0 15 on here like this.
Then we have a hundred and zero.
So basically what I'm saying is this one is slanted because of this 15.
Well here right.
This is the one that controls it out here you can see where I have it zero.
It's not going to be sliding.
This is 15.
Then over here we want to control this one little bit.
Right.
So here we're going to say hundred and eighty five.
And are you going to say zero 100 percent.
All right.
So this is how it's going to look like.
So here we're going to have it line.
And over here we're going to have a line.
And what we're going to do over here we're going to have a display flex because we want to see or hear
this text right.
It has disappeared right now.
So I want to play it or hear some say display flex like this and we're going to say justify content.
And we're going to say center right.
So first you can put it horizontally and then let's do vertically so line items and we're going to say
Center right now is sitting exactly in the center.
So then we're going to want to work with foreign title.
So I'm going to say for one hand over here and what would be the rules.
Well first of all I would want text align center text on line center on this right.
Then I would actually want a color and I'm going to say colored is going to be white.
So have five F3 F4 on this.
Then we're going to do a margin 0 top 0 right 40 pixels bottom and we're going to zero.
And then we're going to have a font size here this is going to be 40 pixels.
Well this right tool you can see over here that actually getting a 40 pixels font size.
And then now I want a text here.
Transform and we're going to say uppercase right here.
Now you can see that it's actually transfer to abrogates.
Then over here we're going to have a hash tag e-mail e-mail.
We're here right.
So this would be the other one.
And we're really going to say or your border first of all going to say more and none of this will have
a background and we're going to have a transparent transparent background right.
Because you can see that and first of all I want to get rid of the border more then I want to give you
the background and then I'm actually going to start dialing.
So here I'm going to say border bottom and we're going to say three pixels solid.
And again we're going to use a hashtag have five have three and five.
All right.
So this is going to be our hair our color and we're going to have fun size and let's say we're here
this is going to be 30 pixels.
Right.
So font size get bigger then we'll have a margin 10 pixels or here and 20 pixels.
So here like.
So we had a lot of margin and monocytes margin right.
So let's keep on moving and let's actually what we would want to do is we would want to deal here with
e-mail placeholder.
Right.
Because you can see that nothing appears that way.
Well maybe it does mean it's kind of hard for us to see what we need to do is actually target this placeholder.
So I'm going to say hashtag email email here.
We're going to do that and we're going to have a placeholder like this.
And then we're going to have a caller and this is going to be hot color hash tag.
EF 5 EF 3 5 when you like this.
And then you can see that text is showing.
So now we do a text transform and let's do capitalize on this.
Right now we have our text.
And next we're going to work with a submit button here.
So let's do here.
Let's work with the submit button and we're going to say we're here like this.
All right so I'm going to say we're here.
Hash tag sub met here and are we all going to see this play.
We're going to see inline block.
First of all again when we want it to be displayed inline block then the background we're going to say
transparent or hearing this background transparent border I'm going to say we're here and this is going
to be three pixels solid.
And this is going to be white and it's going to say 5 3 5 5 have three or five like this then after
that one is actually double check whether we have an idea of what I write because or here type you can
see that I don't have an ID.
That's why it wasn't working right.
I had two types are here.
So now I submit that Id submit and that's always usually occurs if you don't notice it working right.
So if you're doing something in a live preview and brackets and it's not showing up here it's probably
something with a class or ID.
Now we have a border of their border.
We were planning 10 pixels.
All right.
Thirty pixels on this.
Right now I can see where it's moving to the next line or any.
Then once we have this was going to be font size font size is going to be twenty five pixels like this
that we're going to have text transform.
This is going to be uppercase like this color.
We're going to have hash that.
F f c 9 1 for one like this.
And then we'll have a margin here 10 pixels like this and 20 pixels like this.
Now we have this knowledge and transition some large margin top and bottom and 10 sides is going to
be 20.
And here we're going to say I like this transition transition transition and it's going to be color.
And again we'll do the same spiel.
Right.
So I say color 2 seconds ease then background we're here two seconds ease and border.
Two seconds two seconds.
Now once we have this let's do a submit hover.
So to say here sub segment right.
I don't want to say however this.
And once we have that let's do a color as EF 3 EF 5 and this background here.
Then let's do a hash tag F F and this is when we see 9:1 for here and then we have a border color border
color here like this right.
So more color would want is border color.
That's why I'm struggling with the color again.
Hashtag f f c 9:24.
So everything is pretty much going to be.
So I'm going to go back over here and let's write soon as I'm hovering You can see that it's going to
be changing right now right for the hover and the last thing that actually would want to do is with
me to show you how it would look on a bigger screen.
Why we would be doing this right.
So you're hearing we have subscribe here.
Email right.
But you can see the map line up exactly correctly right.
You can see that because of the paddings and margins they're not even.
So what we can do here.
We're going to say we're a very simple form and over here we're going to say this play and we're going
to say flex right.
Right away lined up correctly.
Now the problem is if we go to the smaller screen they're actually going to be doing this right.
You can see that they're actually you know this this is not a good look.
What do we need.
Again these flex rap rap.
And we're going to do rap and right away you can see it's rapping.
And now all the bargain paddings and margins actually make a little bit more sense.
Right.
And now we can just say this one over here right.
And we can go and check it out when we have a recording.
We refresh.
Right.
And this is the look that we have.